Found the above Google interview questions helpful? Here are some interview preparation tips that will help to further amp up your preparation level. 

Keep 3-4 incidences ready about your technical experiences, and don't forget to include attributes that make you an excellent software engineer (superior communication skills, rapid learning ability, strong team player, etc.) if you're applying as a software engineer.
For practicing coding problems, there is no shortcut or magic wand. So practice well. 
Coding rounds are timed, so it is important to prepare accordingly. It will be significantly less stressful during the actual interview if you are used to working under time constraints.
Recognize the most prevalent pitfalls. When it comes to Google interview questions for coding, there are three major traps to avoid: not understanding the Big-O complexity of an algorithm, not understanding Google's expectations, and not expressing your problem-solving method. As you work, keep these hazards in mind.
Coding on compilers is way different than solving on paper or board. So practice by writing the codes using pen and paper.
DSA is one of the most important topics in the Google interview questions. Practice it daily for at least a month before your interview. You can find tons of practice questions on various topics on our website. 
Take proper sleep and relax on the final day before the interview. During the video interview, ensure that your camera is placed properly in a clean room.
Research well about the company, its products, and its services. This will also help you to pre-decide what questions you would ask them after the interview.
Practice with ex-interviewers - It would be excellent if you know a software engineer who has conducted interviews at Google or another major tech firm. If not, attend mock interviews to improve your confidence level. 
The last and most important tip is to Get to know Google's culture. The majority of candidates fail to accomplish so. However, before you spend hours preparing for an interview with Google, be sure it's the appropriate fit for you. Because Google is so prominent, it's easy to jump to the conclusion that you should apply without thinking things through. Talk to people who work at Google or have worked there in the past to get a sense of the culture.
